Security action plan (#982)
magento/merchdocs: src/stores/security.md

title: Security
---

> In this section of the guide, you will learn [security best practices](https://www.adobe.com/content/dam/cc/en/security/pdfs/Adobe-Magento-Commerce-Best-Practices-Guide.pdf){:target="_blank"}, how to manage Admin sessions and credentials, implement CAPTCHA, and manage website restrictions.

Reviewer: Since it is no longer in the guide, I think we need to reword this

```suggestion
In this section of the guide, you can access [security best practices](https://www.adobe.com/content/dam/cc/en/security/pdfs/Adobe-Magento-Commerce-Best-Practices-Guide.pdf){:target="_blank"}. You can also learn how to manage Admin sessions and credentials, implement CAPTCHA, and manage website restrictions.
```

Author: Fixed.
